Improve guidance for testing vision service (#1616)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/vision/classification.md

1. Configure a [camera component](../../../components/camera/).
2. (Optional) If you would like to see classifications from the **Control tab**, configure a [transform camera](../../../components/camera/transform/) with the following attributes :

    ```json
    {
      "pipeline": [
          {
          "type": "classifications",
          "attributes": {
              "confidence_threshold": 0.5,
              "classifier_name": "my_classifier"
          }
          }
      ],
      "source": "<camera-name>"
    }
    ```

3. After adding the components and their attributes, click **Save config**.
4. Navigate to the **Control** tab, click on your transform camera and toggle it on.
   The transform camera will now show classifications on the image.

   ![Model recognizes a star on camera feed](/services/model-on-camera.png)

5. The following code gets the robot’s vision service and then runs a classifier vision model on an image from the robot's camera `"cam1"`.

    {{% alert title="Tip" color="tip" %}}

> Pass the name of the first camera you configured, _not_ the name of the transform camera, to the vision service methods.

Author: ```suggestion
Pass the name of the camera you configured in step 1.
Do not pass a transform camera that already already has the "detections" or "classifications" transform applied to it.
```

1. Configure a [camera component](../../../components/camera/).
2. (Optional) If you would like to see classifications from the **Control tab**, configure a [transform camera](../../../components/camera/transform/) with the following attributes :

    ```json
    {
      "pipeline": [
          {
          "type": "classifications",
          "attributes": {
              "confidence_threshold": 0.5,
              "classifier_name": "my_classifier"
          }
          }
      ],
      "source": "<camera-name>"
    }
    ```

3. After adding the components and their attributes, click **Save config**.
4. Navigate to the **Control** tab, click on your transform camera and toggle it on.
   The transform camera will now show classifications on the image.

   ![Model recognizes a star on camera feed](/services/model-on-camera.png)

5. The following code gets the robot’s vision service and then runs a classifier vision model on an image from the robot's camera `"cam1"`.

    {{% alert title="Tip" color="tip" %}}

Pass the name of the camera you configured in step 1.

> Do not pass a transform camera that already already has the "detections" or "classifications" transform applied to it.

Author: ```suggestion
Do not pass a transform camera that already has the "detections" or "classifications" transform applied to it.
```
